whether you are a leader in the military or leader in civilian life most
important decision you have this how are my best going to use my
where they best fit how can I best achieve my goals with the people
that have been given to sometimes is difficult their egos involved your
own ego egos of others sometimes is difficult because our sacrifices
ball in the military admiral Arly Burke said there is no greater
stress than the stress the commander in combat and that's got to be
true I was never faced with having to tell a person you're going to
have to die to save the rest of us you're gonna have to die to make
sure this mission goes but there are times in the military when every
leader has to say we've got to go up that hill even though a lot
of the screen is kill so I think those are the kind of critical decisions
you have I was never faced with a life and death decision that
was that close to me but one of things about the military's every
decision you make when I sit down to do a translation if I don't do
it right somebody's going to die if I do it right somebody else made
so there's there's kind of a lot of weight on you and you have to rely
on the people around you to say yeah I do the best you can make
the best decision you can and press forward number since at Saint and
none of us is immune to the pressure that we face